let's get more from the ground in Gaza
Han Mahmud is in kanun in the southern
part of the strip Han so we've just got
this new number that 700 Palestinians
have been killed in the last 24 hours
it's one of the highest daily death
tolls we've seen since October the 7th
what more are you
learning yes indeed that number has been
confirmed by the Ministry of Health here
in the Gaza Strip 700 people have been
killed and we're looking into an
increase of this number in the coming
hours as there are still more people
under the rubbles it's only normal for
this number to go up rapidly because
we're talking about entire residential
blocks are being targeted carpet bombs
completely destroyed everything in then
people are targeted without a warning
the thing is so far has been and areas
that has been designated as red unsafe
and
dangerous people are in several blocks
they they receive calls they receive
Leist to evacuate but then you see
another block being targeted before
getting the warning and getting the
calls from the Israeli military which is
a trick that the Israeli military is
implementing right now what people are
doing so far they are moving from one
block to another
but at the same time of their movement
they get targeted before getting to the
safe area we are expecting the number to
increase in the coming hours as I said
before there are so many people under
the rebels as of now we're talking about
entire blocks with more with more than
20 and 30 residential homes in every
block being targeted massively with
barrage of air strikes and artillery and
heavy artillery is Shilling and so far
we're looking at people are are pushed
into
areas similar to more of like a
concentration Zone we're talking about
1.7 million people are asked to move
further south but at the same time while
are they trying to evacuate to move
there they're getting bombed that's the
the the tragedy of the situations right
now roads are getting bombed destroyed
there's nowhere people for people to go
there's no safe route for people to take
it's a risk 100% risk for everyone
living in Gaza right
now honey I want to be clear you're
telling us that uh residents in the
southern part of the Gaza Strip are not
being given enough time that's what
you're just telling us um to to leave
the areas you know what hold on I'm
going to interrupt this this line of
thinking because we're just getting hany
the very latest pictures that have come
in this is from jabalia refugee camp in
the north which is the largest refugee
camp in the Gaza Strip and this is the
aftermath of
uh a recent Israeli bombardment have you
at this point and it may be too soon for
for you to have accurate information on
this do you have information on what has
just happened at jabala refugee camp
honey
yes as the moment of preparing this
report we learn from a source on the
ground more residential buildings blocks
and neighborhoods in
jabalia jabalia refugee camp have been
targeted we're looking at several homes
at once being targeted leaving tens of
people killed and again there are more
people stranded under the rubbles the
fact that the number is increasing is
because these are very densely populated
area there's also difficulty on the
ground for the the civil defense crew uh
to uh uh to rescue people in addition
the civil defense crew are being
targeted which hindered their effort of
of helping and rescuing Survivor it
impedes their work and imped it by hours
it so it takes time for those Rescue
Team to get to the site and start
helping those who might have survived
the the bombings you hany we're seeing
pictures uh of massive clouds of smoke
that are just engulfing an entire
neighborhood of uh the jabala refugee
camp as we watch this and we try to take
this in and what has just just happened
can you tell us a little bit more about
the camp
and okay hold on honey we can now listen
to our correspondent inj we're listening
to what he's
saying this is yet another Massacre
perpetrated by the Israeli occupation
forces a an entire residential block was
leveled to the
ground it was leveled to the ground
while many were inside as you can see
the magnitude of
Destruction the scale of Destruction is
beyond
description
oh my God the scale of Destruction is
beyond
description one person
killed another person came
here this is yet another Massacre
committed by the Israeli occupation
forces against innocent
civilians this is a totally residential
area the residential block was surounded
by missiles without any
warning residents and
neighbors are using their bare hands to
dig this concrete trouble here is
another person
killed another
fatality
[Music]
oh my God where is my
uncle we can hear voices from under the
debris residents and neighbors are
trying to dig out and rescue civilians
from under the
rubble
oh my
God here is a baby Torn to Pieces very
painful
scenes and entire the
whole baby is Torn to
Pieces
large number of persons killed others
missing hundreds under these
rubbles the extent of damage is
massive where is where is my father
where is your
brother children are looking for their
family their
parents
my father and my brother were
[Music]
killed he's still breathing give him a
hand he is still
breathing another victim being pulled
from under the
debris
here is another
baby with his limbs
severed most of the victims are children
in this
building what crime have these children
committed what sin have they made look
at us the whole world is sitting and
watching oh my God all my children were
killed they have
[Music]
gone as you can see the extent of damage
is
massive not only the residential block
but also the surrounding and neighboring
buildings were
[Music]
leled oh God have mercy on
us
okay I'll bring back in hany Mahmud aler
is hany Mahmud Hy you're in Kan yunas in
the southern part of the Gaza Strip
we're still watching these pictures the
latest pictures that have come into us
from the jabalia refugee camp gaza's
largest that is in the north of the
strip um honey I'm not sure you can
see what I what we've just all seen and
witnessed so I I I'll just let you know
what it is that was on our screen and a
word to our viewers we do understand
that some people will find this
distressing uh a lot of it is this is
the reality of what is happening inside
the Gaza Strip at the moment so honey we
saw bodies in the rubble we saw an
entire neighborhood or several
neighborhoods utterly devastated and
destroyed uh the smoke still rising from
the rubble we saw uh people who appear
critically injured who were being
carried on stretchers or even mattresses
we saw babies um that appeared lifeless
we saw a child who couldn't have been
older than 10 or 11 years old crying
saying that his father and brother had
been killed in the bombardment those are
the scenes that are coming out to us
from uh jabala refugee camp at the
moment I'm just wondering honey is there
anything more you can tell us about the
area that was
[Music]
struck well all what we know that
jabalia refugee camp is a a densely
populated area and any any air strike no
matter how small it is will cause a
great deal of damage to the area and
Destroy much of its infrastructure and
residential buildings and but more
importantly and which is tragic the
death of many many people uh now I can
relate to what happened to just what you
were looking at to what happened at the
Eastern side of kanun earlier this
morning where a group of residential
home in a very populated area here were
targeted homes been destroyed a great
deal of damage and people bodies were
thrown as the the the air strike were
very intense were thrown at in the road
away from their homes given the the the
the air strike were intense in terms of
scale in terms of magnitude but it's the
it's the same kind of of a strategy it's
this a a massive brutal air strike that
not only kill people but causes a great
deal of damage to the point that makes
the area is unlivable make it unlivable
and force people to leave it I call this
a displac force displacement of entire
population from where they live for the
whole of their life and gradually
pushing them to a small area designated
as a safe area at the corner of the
southern part between ra City and the
Egyptian borders this is what's going on
right now it's similar to what you were
just looking at people are given a a a a
map in the northern part to move to
turning the entire area into smaller
blocks but again the whole the whole
area is under heavy bombardment I was
just saying people get the call to
evacuate an area and then they move to
another area that gets bombed right away
throughout like in in their joury
journey to move to another area they get
bombed on the road or if they make a
stop to a nearby house or to a friend
house or a family member house they get
bombed there that's the how unsafe the
[Music]
situation H Mahmud reporting from hunis
inside the Gaza Strip thank you very
much for that as we've been watching
these harrowing pictures coming out of
gaza's largest refugee camp in the north
of the strip